okay well for more on this it's bring in
Adnan Abu hna who's also in Rafa he's a
spokesperson for unua the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees thank you very much
for your time I can imagine that you are
extremely busy right now I know these
attacks are still ongoing and
information is hard to get out uh as the
shelling is continuing but can you just
update us with what you know about these
latest strikes in KH Unis on your
facilities
there yes uh one hour ago it seemed that
it's three uh shells had been landed
inside the kytc the training center of
that belongs to onra and there are there
are there many casualities actually and
the building had been set and fired
there we are trying to send some
ambulances there coordinating with the
Israeli site we hope that we can get
into there you know very soon we don't
have updated you know information about
how many people have been killed or
injured we are waiting you know maybe
after 1 hour we will be aware of all the
information was there any warning before
these strikes
happened no h you know we we have not
been able to you know to get uh in and
from the the compound you know in the
last 48 hours because uh you know the
Israeli tanks actually very close to the
compound
to the college actually and we were
aware and we believe that it's very
dangerous you know there we try to
coordinate the exit of uh people those
of the idps the inter displaced people
there but we we did not succeed
unfortunately in the last 48 hours I
mean this isn't anywhere near the first
time that uh Israeli military has
targeted un facilities why do you think
that it keeps
happening it's not the first time it's
not the first time nearly we have nearly
130 own facilities have been attacked or
had been hit directly or indirectly you
know and hundreds of people hundreds of
displaced people had been killed or
injured and we at onra we have nearly
152 of our colleagues also had been
killed so it's not the first time but
maybe it's the first time that we see
such huge fire and uh
you know people are screaming crying
asking for uh for help we hope that we
will not uh find so many people had been
killed and and injured you know we are
waiting maybe after 1 hour we will be
aware of how really what happened and
how much people you know had been killed
or injured obviously this just
exacerbates the situation for for
everyone trying to survive each day
there in Gaza can you just give us an
understanding I mean you you were there
you and Rafa can you just give us a
understanding of exactly how dire the
situation is and what people are having
to do to
survive yes you know what's going on in
Rafa it's really very pressuring very
frustrating very disappointing you know
that Israel actually pushing the whole
population of the Gaza St to Rafa City
it is a city it is a small City that
used to you know only 250,000 people
this is the usual number of RAF
inhabitants but now we are talking about
more than 1.5 million you know
Palestinians most of them they are
displaced from the north and from the
south they are residing next few meters
from the Palestinian Egyptian border
what we got from the The Crossing points
it's about an average you know 80 80
trucks per day it's not enough we
Distributing food twice you know per
weak you have hundreds of thousands of
people they are starving they are really
they are
hungry so we we believe that if we
continue like that you know the whole
operations of the UN system the brink of
collapse so after the these attacks and
the siing you know hunis area we are
getting more and more people fleeing you
know to the RAF and it's so crowded
we don't know what to do yesterday it
was you know yesterday night you know
heavy rain and hundreds of tents or make
shift plastic you know T
actually you know disappeared because of
the wind because of the rain uh it is a
catastrophe and you know it we never
experienced something like that even you
know International and local you know
stuff who used to work in Syria and
Rwanda if they said it's worse know you
know more it's more worse what happened
in Syria and Rwanda yeah of course thank
you so much we really do appreciate your
time that's ednan Abu hasna for us
there thanks